It's real pro shit tonight you guys. I'm so fucking tired. I just got off a plane and oh my god. All right, here we go
It's gonna be a good one
Because I just don't care here we go
Hello one and all, welcome once again to Nerdmelt Theater, Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session. Fifth Bank, howl. Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you. Why, why, why, I always ask this, why, why so many of you? What's the deal? Game of Thrones is over.
Isn't there one more? That was it last time? Yeah, you know I was at a town. No, what was I? I don't fucking know man.
Yeah, get caught up man. Yeah. Really? All right, so movie update. Let's talk about Edge of Tomorrow in a second.
I went and saw Edge of Tomorrow tonight and but there was a trailer. I've never been more excited about a movie that didn't involve people blowing up.
Robert Downey Jr. is gonna play Robert DeVall's son in a movie about a lawyer that goes back home and Robert DeVall is, you can see this trailer?
No. Every trailer I saw for the last two movies I saw with your Godzilla and Edge of Tomorrow, every trailer was about robots and shit blowing up.
Which is my, that's what you need to get a rise out of me but I was like, Robert Downey Jr. is like, ah, he's an asshole and I'm an asshole.
I get people off. I'm a lawyer and then it's like, ah, your mom passed away or whatever and then he goes back home and it's Robert DeVall's dad.
And his dad's a judge. I'm fucking in man. I hope that's not a shitty movie.
Whoever wrote that movie, if you got those actors to be in your movie, Robert Downey Jr. played Robert DeVall's son.
Robert DeVall is my favorite living actor. It's gonna be good. I'm signing up for that.
But I was there for Edge of Tomorrow which is fucking awesome. Go see it.
The last half hour is like, whatever, apparently we can't fully commit to a time-bending action movie.
Apparently for the last half hour you definitely just have to go, okay, now cut the red wire or the blue wire.
I'm not spoiling it. There's no bomb in it. I'm just saying.
But it's pretty profound, that movie. We're just talking about in the green room.
I'm very accurate for everyone to say it's Groundhog Day, sci-fi.
But the thing that you don't know when you hear that is that I think it's like a sequel to Groundhog Day.
Like, it picks up. It's the James Cameron, like Ridley Scott made Groundhog Day.
And then this is the James Cameron. This is Groundhog's Days.
And that doesn't mean more Groundhogs and more days. It means something more important than that.
It means something more profound about our relationship with time and mortality and stuff.
It's actually really, really fucking cool.
Also, I was very happy, as I said backstage, it reminded me that I've always liked Tom Cruise.
He's a fucking great movie star and he went nuts and he believes in weird boogie boogie boogies.
But he's fucking badass in that movie. I like Tom Cruise again.
Wow. Alright, we like Tom Cruise again. Tom Cruise, if you're listening...
I would say he almost certainly listens to this.
This is our record. I don't know, I've come up here with nothing on my notepad, but that's really...
As far as me having something on my notepad, I had...
Oh no, it says RSJ as Robert DeVall's son. I'm assuming that means RD.
They're adjacent on the keyboard. I'm really excited about that.
That's going to be a new on Golden Pond. Father and son shit drives me crazy.
I fucking love it. The idea of Robert DeVall being...
He's a judge, but Robert DeVall... Robert Johnny Jr. is a lawyer. Fuck you.
There's no bad... I'm going to die. I can't wait to see this movie.
There's no bad Robert DeVall movie for my money either.
There's no bad Robert Johnny Jr.
He wasn't true grip for fuck's sake man, either.
Rooster! Shut the pieces up here, Rooster!
There's only so many mainstream things I approve of. Oxygen, alcohol...
And RSJ.
And Iron Man.
I wanted to talk a little bit about linguistics. Do you mind?
I fuck no. I insist.
I feel like...
We got to make Spencer up for this conversation, because I want to catch him off guard and I want to talk about something.
Can we just have Spencer come out early and just have him be here?
I think he should come out before us.
Spencer Crichton.
You cool sitting there?
I got caught in a nail.
Was it sharp? Did it cut you?
No, it was the head.
Pull that nail out. That's really dangerous.
The head'll fuck you up.
Now I'm your king.
You said that to the nail?
No, he's doing Excalibur. He's a king of a really tiny kingdom.
Was he talking to us, or is he talking to the nail?
I think he's saying to all of us.
He's our king.
It's a sword in the stone kind of mythology going on.
Anyone who believes it, I'll take it.
It's not rule anybody out.
Unite us, motherfucker.
Did you really want to talk about linguistics?
Yeah.
Shoot.
Alright, so, I've never talked to you about this, ever.
This is the thing I've noticed.
Shit.
It hasn't spread to Jeff, and I don't know who started it.
I don't know who patient zero of this linguistic thing is.
For all I know it started with me, spread to you.
For all I know it started with you, spread to me.
Might have started with Aaron, but I've noticed it with me, you, and Aaron.
Uh-huh.
Starting sentences with...
I mean...
Who started it?
Who started that?
That feels like a Spencerism to me.
Well, see, he owns it better than us, but...
I mean, yes, I don't do that.
That was ill-fitting shoes.
Okay, so, do you guys remember episode one of, blah, blah, blah, the sleepy candy near?
Yeah.
Colin, the sleepy candy near, is someone from which I derive a lot of my vocal regularizations.
Regularizations.
Yeah, such as regularizations.
That happens.
Yeah, but yeah, no, I think that he does that in...
I don't think I did it too much, but I think that I did it more.
I think you do it too.
I do it a ton.
That's what I'm saying.
I think that I...
You, me, and Aaron.
That's all I know.
Maybe I can picture Spencer saying it.
I can also definitely say that Aaron says it a lot.
And I, for all I know, Aaron started it.
I think...
I got it from her.
I will spread it to Spencer, but for all I know, also, other way around.
I have no idea.
I feel like it's more of an Aaronism, actually.
Because I think that predates my memory of her saying that...
Do you think it's possible, Spencer, when you brought up candy near?
Are you saying that you got it from him?
You know that?
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised.
I also wouldn't be surprised if I got it from Aaron.
I mean, you know, she says it to everybody.
For me, I would put the money on Aaron.
It sounds like an Aaron thing.
I mean, but it's not...
The interesting thing about language is...
Like, everybody has these bookends and things.
People say...
So, Aaron and I were talking about this,
and we were talking about the prefix, I mean,
and then the suffix, though.
As in, I mean this, though?
Like, that's actually a full, like, emotional thing.
Like, you could point at a fire hydrant and go,
I mean this, though?
But the interesting thing is there's nothing in that sentence
that actually syntactically conveys any information.
But everything that you're...
The way you're saying it, I mean this, though?
The though takes away the meaning in it.
So you've just subtracted the I mean from it by saying, though.
Haven't you kind of sort of like...
I'm not committing to this, am I?
I'm not sure about that.
I don't know if my brain's moving fast enough to know
if I agree with that.
I think what's interesting is that I mean is, like,
one of many things where you go,
look, listen, hey, at the end of the day,
hey, well, at the end of the day.
Some of the stuff we hate, because we notice it,
but we all...
If there's anybody here who doesn't use those things,
great on them.
But I think that also the interesting thing is that...
I say I mean a lot, and I actually, like,
I'm looking back at the last six months or a year of going,
I mean, and I actually, like, I kind of feel the way about it
like I do about Instagram.
Like, I'm like, ah, yeah, I feel like actually
it's bringing me closer to people.
I feel like if I didn't have that canopy over my sidewalk,
cafe, that the sun would be harsher.
I got like, I mean, because that doesn't hurt anybody.
I mean...
My dad says, my dad has a tick,
I think all that is is just a time stalling the tick.
I mean, lots of people have that.
Well, I think it's more than that.
I think it's more than time stalling.
Um is a time stall.
The way you feel that time.
If you don't mean it, then don't say it.
Like, I mean, so you're saying it,
you're like, you mean everything you say,
whether you mean it or not.
And, like, I think saying I mean is like,
it's a nonce, it's not an answer.
Well, you're in this space,
you're saying, you're implying that, like,
I just said like, like, I shouldn't have said like.
I say like, like, like, like, like, like too.
I stutter like all the time.
I definitely think the same way it's like,
it's good for all of us to do sit-ups.
What could it hurt?
Right.
Um, the I mean, which is like,
like grabbing your belly and like going,
this is me, this is like,
it's like we're dripping into each other.
The way we talk to each other,
I mean, you know what I mean though?
It's like, it's a shortened version of,
verily I say unto thee.
It's very interesting to me.
I remember reading something that,
it's like, what does that mean?
I remember reading something.
That's another one.
I was like, what the fuck does that mean?
Yeah.
All that means is that I,
I'm just reminding you that I,
the last, since the last time you saw me,
I haven't been just standing here like C3PO shut down.
I went off, I read maybe a Newsweek article
that someone tweeted me, maybe.
And we don't know if that guy's information was researched,
but I remember reading somewhere
about communication.
It's so incredibly tiny,
the fraction of what we say to each other is syntactical.
The actual words that we say,
they mean so little.
Obviously it's vital.
There's absolutely no way to communicate with each other
without, there's this bed of the words we say.
But the words we say,
there's a way I could say the word fire hydrant to you
that would make you understand that I don't like you,
that I've had it with you.
I want to know what that is.
I don't like the way you said fire hydrant.
And it'd be like, what?
It just said fire hydrant.
And it's like, come on.
When we enter into relationships with each other,
we drip into each other.
We're still amoeba.
We're still just multicellular organisms
and we vibrate air around us,
but that is so interesting to me.
We have these little canopies and flaps
and spoilers on everything that we do.
Well, the English language is very different
than other languages, too.
We have a lot of words for one thing,
and Italians say there's one word that means tons of things.
I was reading this book today,
and I actually was reading a book today.
This is a woman writing a letter to a German
in World War II, I'm still reading those World War II
detective novels, which are the best by Philip Kerr.
And she says, I hope this letter's making sense.
My German's not that great.
Emperor Charles V said,
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women,
French to men, and German to my horse.
You are the horse to fucking run.
That's a really interesting thing.
The idea that language is never meant to be
one channel or another.
That was your takeaway?
Was that your actual takeaway?
I think her point was that she's making fun of him
for being German, they're very strident, they're very direct.
And she's saying, I'm from America.
They'd hate you over here because you're so cynical
and so direct, and things have one meaning.
In American English, things have all sorts of intonations
and subtexts and things like that.
I just thought it meant that like,
German's so shitty that horses speak it.
If I was a horse, if I were a horse, to use a subjunctive,
if I were a horse and someone tried to get me to run
in Italian, I'd be like, I don't know if I could take a nap.
Hey, a little horse.
He'd be like, I don't know, what do I do?
You will stay and they're going to say,
I'm a German.
That sounds like, get the fuck going.
I'm just spreading white on white racism right now.
Speaking of which, let's do a World Cup Sports Corner.
Dan?
The World Cup, boy.
What a World Cup.
I'll start just by saying, Dan, that I was on the road
this last weekend with the Who's Line boys
and we had these big tour bus rides.
We watched every minute of the World Cups.
That cup was extra, worldly.
Today, Dan, I'm sure like all Americans,
you have strong feelings about USA Portugal.
I know that the United States was involved
in the World Cup today, everyone knows it.
That's part of what makes it extra more important
than the already totally important World Cup,
is that America was part of the World Cup today.
I know, I know.
Do you think they're going to make it out of the group stage?
They're not done?
No.
I think that America today...
Does anybody even hear, and I don't imagine the answer
will be yes, does anybody hear afraid
of hearing soccer spoilers today?
Soccer spoilers.
I was running scared because I was on a plane
during two of the matches and I had to make it home
and hope that some guy didn't go like,
within it or...
Right, you don't want to, you come off the plane
and there's a guy, instead of holding a sign
that says Davis, it says,
they didn't use their hands.
And you're like, oh shit, fuck.
Yeah, so today was a big day
in World Cup football,
what they call football history.
I think that how many more games to go?
Two, three, five?
They're in the group stage, they have to play Germany,
a draw gets them through.
This is a big deal, so the U.S. won, of course.
No.
It was a draw today.
They were beating Portugal, they've never beaten...
It was going to be the best victory of all time
and they lost it in the last kick of the game.
It was a draw in the last kick of the game.
And if they'd won it, they would have been
advanced to the knockout stage.
But why am I telling you this, Dan?
You're the sports...
So they did good.
Yeah, they did very, very well.
Shit on the bit a little bit.
I guess they did okay.
What do you think the...
Who do you like? Which country do you think has the best...
USA. I mean, I think the USA is going to go all the way.
You thought they were already out of it.
I think that they're in the cup.
In the World Cup, what people need to understand,
it doesn't work like American football.
In the World Cup, it's possible to be
in the cup with other teams.
It's not about brackets and
this team beat the other team.
It's like, we're all in the cup together.
Eventually it does come down.
I'm not being naive.
Eventually it does come down to two teams.
But it's very worldly.
And they go down and they're in the cup.
And the US is in that cup, which I think is amazing.
It's a World Cup and it's about time the US was in it.
It's fucking great.
And nobody use your hands!
Stop using your hands!
What do you think about the home nation's job
so far of hosting this?
Well, I mean, the US is doing...
I mean, they're doing what they can.
They're...
I don't mean that they're the home nation.
Right.
From that reaction.
I mean that the US is handling themselves
very graciously as a guest of the home nation.
Going up that red carpet.
And competing in that soccer stadium.
When I say soccer, I use it colloquially.
I know it's called football.
And spell drawing.
I think that it's great.
I think it's a great...
The home nation that you're talking about.
Brazil. Brazil.
Yeah, they're doing great.
Long gone are the days
of accusing them of harboring Hitler.
Let's put aside these stereotypes
of child porn and...
Orwellian futures.
Now, Dan, normally,
we think of the...
We don't think everyone in Brazil
has to work on a typewriter.
Fuck you, Terry Gilliam.
The important thing is soccer.
We think of the big European superpowers.
And a couple have already been
shamefully knocked out.
Who do you like in terms of the European,
you know, old granddaddy superpowers?
Well, I mean, you gotta go England.
I mean, they're great.
They're great at football.
You think they still have a chance?
Uh...
I know that's a trick question.
Because I can tell.
So, fuck you.
They invented the sport, you know, so...
Yeah, but, like, guess what?
Jeff, they're out.
You're like a really shitty mentalist.
I can think of myself as a big fan of soccer.
Yeah, so England's out,
and it's crazy that USA's still in.
They're still in that big cup with the world.
I think Argentina is probably
going to not be able to be underestimated.
I don't think you ever should underestimate Argentina.
I think you've got that exactly right.
You've got a lot of guys out there.
They've got the calves and their muscles
and the muscles and their calves.
They're kicking the ball.
They're not gonna use their hands.
Argentina...
If you use your hand to say hello,
you get thrown in jail.
This is a soccer nation, Argentina.
They're continual World Cup champions.
Am I right?
Argentina's constantly winning the World Cup.
Right?
Historically, go back!
Go back all the way to the beginning!
Historically, Argentina has won a World Cup.
Never.
1970s, I think we go back.
See? You gotta go back.
You gotta be a true soccer enthusiast
to really appreciate Argentinian soccer.
One thing I find, and I think you'll agree or disagree,
because you have very strong opinions about this,
I look at soccer in a really specific way.
The fact that this is a South American country
hosting this, the South and Central American teams
are doing quite well.
They're really leaping forward.
There's certain teams that had to have surprised you
from South and Central America.
Really, aside from Argentina,
which we shouldn't ever not possibly underestimate.
No, there aren't.
Yeah, you're right.
I think if I'm hearing you correctly,
what you're saying...
Name any country in Central or South America
that might have a football team in the World Cup.
Look, currently.
I hope I don't disappoint you
by approaching this question from the outskirts.
You have to look at the big picture of soccer,
the history of soccer.
In the beginning.
This is a game that was traditionally dominated
by South America and Central America.
You had the Panamanians.
What do they know?
They know canals.
They're not good at soccer.
Ecuador.
They're good, but not good enough.
I think they were in the cup briefly this time.
We're getting warmer here.
Yeah, that's what I said.
That's what I just said.
It irks me when he...
I'm trying to give my World Cup report,
and he comes in and it's like, I said that.
The Aztecs...
I'm not saying they still have a country...
You mean the old L.A. Indoor Soccer Club from the 1980s?
Look, at the end of the day,
you have a country like North America...
At the end of the day? God damn it.
North America is what it is at the end of the day.
It is what it is.
South of that, you have Central America,
and a lot of people don't understand.
South of Central America, you have South America.
Am I wrong?
This is good soccer information.
So, I think Chili's going to win the World Cup this year.
They're doing really well.
They really are.
Them and Costa Rica are looking fucking awesome right now.
All right, fuck you!
World Cup!
Chili, my buddy's on Chili!
Chili!
I didn't even know there was South America.
40% chance it was Africa.
My knowledge of the globe is like,
my dog barks at my gardener,
and then I'm like, I don't know what.
Yeah, I gotta work.
All right, that's it. That's all I gotta talk about.
That was a quick show?
Yeah, goodnight everybody.
Spencer!
Hey guys.
Hey, you know recently we had the Harmontown movie screening.
Do you remember that?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Today you guys go to the L.A. movies.
Yeah.
I mean, I wasn't trying to, you know,
encourage one of those pity applause or whatever.
Has anything...
That time I was! Good job!
Nothing's changed for you since that movie premiered in L.A., right?
Right, you still...
But you, okay, so remember in the Q&A,
the guy, there's this host guy,
he was like the LACMA dude, whatever.
He brought us all up, and then he was like,
you know, someone told me a story about how you and Neil first met.
Yeah.
It was in a pizza joint.
And it wasn't.
Yeah.
And you told him that, like right off the bat,
you were like, yeah, that was wrong.
And then like he got mad.
He got mad?
Remember that?
I don't know.
Maybe he was just flustered,
but like he got really like weird about it.
He was like, well, that's just what I heard.
Yeah, okay, I remember that.
He's mad at his assistant's briefing.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, but I was thinking it would be weird
if he just got really indignant about it.
It was like, no!
It was pizza!
You have pepperoni!
There's three slices left over.
Everybody knows it was pizza.
Yeah.
What are you doing to me right now?
But yeah, I don't know.
Do you remember at the LA Film Festival
when all the cast came out
and then you got more applause than me?
Yeah, yeah.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to bring that up.
I'll bring it up.
They brought us all out.
The whole cast of the movie, cast,
it's a documentary.
He was there.
So it's not like we're playing characters.
Like so I could go,
oh Spencer did do a good job in that character.
As himself.
Who am I?
Playing Chop Lover.
Like, I...
It was like...
They were like,
Spencer Crittin did it in the fucking crowd.
Like, they rose to their feet.
Yeah, if the cast of Star Wars,
if the characters came out,
they would clap louder for Han Solo than Darth Vader.
Well, I'm not...
I actually think...
I actually think they would clap
like pretty loud for Darth Vader,
but that's what actually hurts
is I felt like I was like one of the
Jawa's.
And they kind of staggered it,
and they were like, Spencer,
and everyone was like, woo!
And then it was like,
and of course, the titular character,
Dan Hyman, and everyone was like,
he's fine too, it's fine.
Maybe they were all clapped out from Spencer.
They were!
Yes, they were!
Yes, their hands were bleeding!
And I don't...
Have you ever been torn between...
It's funny, because I'm 41.
I should have a son, Spencer's age.
If everything had gone correctly,
according to the Midwestern tradition,
I would have you as a son.
Nice.
And...
There's still wills to write, I mean.
So I kind of...
Yeah, I imagine that's going to be like,
like to have a kid, like...
Ah, get that, get that, get that soccer goal.
Win that potato science fair thing.
And then there must be some other part of you that's like,
fuck, he did it, he did it.
And then you just go in the attic and just...
Hunter Thompson.
Because you're like, what else do I...
Write a bunch of wonderful books?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry I made it dark, I didn't mean to...
I didn't mean it.
If you guys ever think I would actually kill myself,
you're insane.
I'm so much more petty than that.
I would never...
If anybody's worried about that ever happening,
that's...
What if you were in, like, pain, like Hunter S. Thompson?
If I'm in pain...
Yeah, if I get a cold, fuck it.
But I will go to one doctor, one doctor.
Can you knock this out?
And if he's like, give it six weeks,
I'm like, give me five weeks, bang!
Waiting period, another five...
If my leg hurts, yeah, fuck it.
Alright, so, let's move on.
This is depressing.
I'm gonna pull out...
I don't think there's anything in here.
I'm really excited about...
Robert DeVall playing...
Robert Johnny Jr.'s dad.
World Cup.
I'm gonna be honest with you,
that was just part of that whole linguistic thing.
Like, some people say, Aaron was saying that,
I was talking about that with her,
it's just like, people say,
Honestly?
Or they go like,
I'm gonna be honest with you.
Yeah.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
Like, we're gonna get beyond the whole idea of like,
oh, I hate that, we should never do that and stuff.
It's just something that we do.
Sometimes we do it.
There's people out here who have abused that,
there's people who...
I have used the phrase,
I'm gonna be honest with you,
two wonderful effects.
I'll give you an example.
No, there's no example.
I'm just saying like,
it's not about being a good or bad person.
Somebody tweeted me a link, Jeff.
Somebody tweeted me a link.
What was that link?
To this guy that does his thing,
it's called, what the hell is it called?
Surveillance cameraman?
Does anybody know what I'm talking about?
The man who deals with surveillance cameras.
It's a guy who takes a camera, a kid,
maybe I should call him, I don't know what to call him.
Takes a camera and he just,
now dismiss all your notions of like,
good person, bad person, you know,
just assume he's a bad person.
It sounds like he is.
He just takes a camera and he just
goes up and gets in people's faces.
He just stands there with the camera.
That's what he does.
People can see the camera as a hidden camera?
Yeah, no, they can see it.
And then they, so it's just,
and then it's a montage of people
looking and going, what are you doing?
Stop it.
And then it splinters off into all of this behavior,
none of which is good or bad,
all of which is fascinating.
Is he provoking them with questions or things?
No, he turns the, this kid has,
I mean, I think this kid is just going through
a phase that we all went through,
but he has access to more technology
than we had when we were this age,
because kids age.
That's my assumption, but don't,
I don't know, he could be 48 years old.
Like, what matters is that this kid has effectively,
like, regardless of what he's doing,
the end result of what you're watching
is that you're getting to see humanity
as if you're a scuba diver
outside a coral reef.
And so there's fish that gather around you
and are angry at you,
because they're gathered around you.
There's fish that, of course,
dart the other way.
There's fish that come at you
and circle you for a second
and then dart at you
and try to get your mask off.
There's fish that, and everything in between.
This guy, like, will open the back door
of a Burger King and walk into the kitchen.
And it's just a POV of walking through
a fucking Burger King back in the kitchen
with eight people cutting lettuce,
flipping burgers.
And every person he walks by,
it's like they're all Brontosaurus
in Jurassic Park.
They all look at him
and then go back to chopping lettuce.
And then one guy will come up.
That's like, excuse me, hello.
Because he thinks that when he does that,
then that means go away.
But then he has to go to the phone.
Everyone has a different relationship.
There's like a camera that goes into a laundromat
and there's a guy sitting at a table on a laundromat.
And the guy's just sitting at the table on a laundromat
and he's watching this camera come toward him.
And the camera comes toward him.
And then just as it sits down at the table
in the laundromat across from him,
the guy goes from totally just sitting there
watching the camera to flipping out,
flips the table up into the camera,
goes like, what the fuck are you doing?
Get the fuck out of here.
And starts chasing the guy with a chair.
And all this guy ever does,
this guy is not a good person, not a good person.
Is a scuba diver a good person that goes in
and looks at the fucking, according to the fish?
No, no, not good.
Get out of there.
You shouldn't be there.
Don't be there.
I hope it's a kid because that seems like a good
like 17, 16 year old kind of instinct.
It feels like a phase that we all go through.
Well, I went through when I was,
but the interesting thing about it is like,
I never, there's a strangely uplifting component to it
because some people are grabbing at the camera
like literally just like, smash the guy in the face.
Like, like, like, like, maybe-
Does anybody just like see the camera
and just start singing Moon River really well?
There are.
There are some like Ben and Jerry's kind of like old school
like guys with big long beards,
like Spencer in 30 years.
I'll give you 30.
Like some of them just cut to a guy
in a big long gray beard and he's just staring.
Like he's waiting for a crosswalk
and this guy came up to him
and so it's just cuts to this guy
that just stares at the camera
and he's waiting for something to give
and then he goes, I don't know, and walks off.
There is no heroic or villainous reaction
to somebody dehumanizing you.
You know, there is no,
but none of the people who are on this video
are good or bad people.
But the incredibly,
the epiphany I had while watching it was,
oh my god, I've just been given permission
to look at people as if they are animals
because some of them are violent animals
and some of them are pacifistic animals
and some of them are herding around him.
He'll be like in the middle of a target
and then it's just people slowly encroaching on him
going, hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
And they're all ganging up on him
and then one fat guy will come up,
hey, come on, what are you doing?
He's more of an alpha male.
I can just watch it for hours.
But the camera never turns,
you never meet this guy, you never see him?
No, I think in the early ones,
people say, what are you doing
and you hear the kid's voice go,
I'm making a video.
But I think he drops it.
He's Sasha Baron Cohen but without the ego.
Let's assume this kid is the worst piece of shit in the world.
Let's assume he's like pre-columbine,
he's ready to, you know,
let's not pin any medals to his chest.
But all I know is that the content
that's coming out of the other side,
I think is art because I am like,
I've never, I've had to watch people
on YouTube a lot
and I've never been so fucking fascinated,
which is really interesting.
And all he does is just say nothing
and just get in people's faces
and with his camera.
What would your reaction be if somebody woke up to you?
I don't know.
It might be different.
It would be one thing on Tuesday,
one thing on Wednesday.
Let's paint a picture.
Let's say that you're,
what do you do?
You're standing outside the drawing room on your phone,
let's say.
Am I drunk?
Midway.
You're not drunk yet.
You've had a few.
Who am I talking to on the phone?
Aaron.
And Aaron on the phone?
Aaron's on the phone.
I mean, he's fine.
Bad mood.
Yeah, and then you just out there
and then you hang up the phone
and now you're not talking to anybody.
Now you're taking the moments,
a nice day out in California
and you're going through Instagram
or through tweets or whatever.
So now you're just idling out there.
And this person, let's say.
So a guy comes up and he gets about,
this guy usually gets,
if he's allowed to,
he gets about a foot and a half.
Wow.
It's personal space.
Yeah, yeah.
That's a bubble-burster for most of you.
Yeah, if he didn't have a camera with him,
it would be weird.
The camera makes it less weird.
I want to stretch over and over and over and over again
because we belong to this culture where it's like,
oh, he's a good person.
He's a bad person.
I don't know if this person could be a whore.
It doesn't matter.
So this day, you don't have a chip on your shoulders.
There's nothing really like that.
And the guy just comes up.
Yeah.
But honestly, like, I just got off the phone with Aaron.
So I'm outside the drawing room.
The camera comes up and I go,
hello.
Hi.
Hey, so this guy just stands there and doesn't do anything?
Who are you?
Yeah, this is what often people are doing.
They're going, like, hello.
What are you doing?
Now, then a bunch of people, some people go,
and I don't think these people are bad people at all,
they go, and they fucking, like, thrust, smack.
The camera goes black.
They punch him.
They grab his camera.
They grab, and then he fades back.
Like a bird.
And then moves, drifts back in.
Oh, really?
Like fucking Rocky Balboa?
He just goes, hey, down, Rock.
Yeah.
He just kind of, like, he just acts like a weather phenomenon.
I don't want to praise this person.
I don't think what he's doing is heroic.
So you've done 10 seconds of what's going on.
I would go, do you walk away?
Do you do a bit?
Here's what I think I would do in my current mood right now.
It happens as you leave the room.
I just got off the phone with Aaron.
I'm not in a fight with Aaron.
I'm not in a bad mood.
I'm not feeling insecure about where I am in my life.
I get off the phone.
There's a guy doing this.
He's a stranger to me.
He's holding a camera in my face.
I would go, hello.
I would be like, hi.
What are you doing?
For a while, I would try to find his exhaustion point.
I would be like, yeah.
But that's me.
And I don't want to stress, that's me in a good depth.
There's a million ways you could catch me.
I'd be like, what the fuck are you doing?
Let's say you and Aaron, there's tension brewing.
And let's say you got a call from, you know,
an irritating call from an agent or a lawyer.
Or like on the heels of me being all over the headlines online.
Well, but Chevy Chase says, oh, the Chevy Chase.
The Chevy Chase.
Well, that needed to happen.
Chevy Chase down in Harvard.
You'd assume that was a paparazzo couple.
Yeah.
And I would be like, OK, hey, hi, Chevy Chase.
Hi.
And then the guy would be like, stay there.
And I'd be like, OK, so hi, hi, Chevy Chase.
I don't, but, but, but.
I think you should always do that whatever happens.
But, but, but the truth is.
If a stranger walks up to you and starts to shake your head.
I think it's really interesting.
The series is that you're not dealing with people who,
who have any relationship with cameras at all.
And that's the most interesting thing is that we,
we all have protocols that we initiate in when we feel like
something strange is happening to us.
And cameras dehumanize us.
And we invented them to try to capture humanity.
So we're used to using these things.
When we, when we see them, we're like, oh,
I better be human now.
Hey, coming up next on Camera Face.
Coming at you.
And what these people are doing is they're putting their poopy
undies in a laundry, laundry machine.
And then there's a, there's a lens there.
And for me, the unspoken part of what some of them are saying
when they like smash the camera is, is like, hey,
when I'm ready to have a camera on me,
I'll be really fucking, I'll have my shit together.
You know, I'm going to say some amazing things.
And I'm going to, there's something, there's something strange.
That's just my own interpretation.
Because I'm coming from a really specific place.
I think what's interesting about it is that it,
it feels like this kid, I don't hear,
I don't know if he's 15, 25, 48.
He might have a fucking like tiger scars down his face.
Like, like, like, he may look the whole point maybe
that this guy looks like a fucking monster
and has a camera.
What I'm seeing on the videos is the equivalent of like,
if you took like goggles and didn't even strap them
to the back of your head, but just put them down
in a Caribbean like coral reef and like just,
like you're always looking at people as if they're animals.
I've been asked several times, I was on the show in time
when there was like a sketch show, like a TV show.
And also I've been asked to do other things
that were hidden camera shows.
I did one, I did Jimmy Kennedy experiment.
I don't like it.
I don't like ambush style stuff.
Like, because they tend, those shows tend to,
somebody kind of has to lose a little bit.
And I don't think it's funny when someone loses.
And I was supposed to, we were on Venice Beach doing these bits.
And this is a show called Daner Channel that was on
for like six episodes a long time ago.
And we were on Venice Beach and there was a crack house
like looking place across the boardwalk.
That was where the hidden cameras were.
There was a guy dressed as a bum that was a cameraman.
So he's laying by.
So there was cameras everywhere.
And I had glasses on early day like camera,
like in the middle of the glasses.
And I had, I was selling stuff.
And I did this one because I thought I could make it funny kind of.
And so I was selling that with a dolphin jerky.
And people get really bummed out about it.
But I mean, there was also some people who was like,
I'll try that dolphin jerky.
And there was a little sticker on it with a picture of a tuna
and a line through it like it was tuna safe.
But there was one we're selling.
And it was Che Guevara's.
It was a cereal, but Che Guevara based cereal.
Or your Che Crunchies or something like that.
And they were a little bit,
instead of like green clovers and blue stars or whatever the fuck,
it was like cameras and sickles and revolutionary stars.
And so I'm selling these Che Crunchies and these three girls come up
and they're like kind of tough.
And I would describe if I could guess what their lifestyle was.
Anarchists are like very left leaning, possibly lesbian.
Lots of piercings, probably very intellectual.
And also like a little bit of LA street tough kind of, you know,
like they didn't come from like privilege or anything.
And they came up and they were instantly just fucking bummed out about it.
And I have a little ear speaker or whatever they call it, earwig things.
And I have the producers saying like,
oh yeah, these are good, these are good, go after these girls, go after these girls.
I'm like, I'm not going to fucking go after these girls.
Kill her, kill me.
And they're like, what the fuck's up with the cereal?
Do you think that Che Guevara, if you were alive today, would sign off on that?
Do you think it's family?
And I was like, no, no, no, half of the proceeds,
if you buy a box of Che Crunchies,
goes to these Appetistas living in the hills of Chiapas.
And then the speaker, they're like, no, no, no, antagonize it.
I'm like, fuck you.
I said, they're like, what?
I go, you know, like Cubans invented cereal.
It's a communist product, through and through.
This is a very lefty, red...
I go, you're probably too young, but have you seen Islet Lucy?
I said, Ricky Riccardo is a Cuban.
And he eats cereal in every scene, because it's a Cuban.
And they were like, two of them were starting to go like, for real?
Like, wow.
And one of them was just like, she was just staring at me,
and she wasn't buying it.
And then she saw the little dot in the center of my glasses,
and she saw that it was a camera,
and then she realized that she was on a TV show.
And she looked at me, and she gave me this look, and she goes,
It's a camera.
Like, I go, I go, yeah.
So the people in the thing couldn't hear us.
And they're like, all right, I go, thank you.
They just left.
They asked me to do a thing where like, there's people making sand art,
and there's people selling stuff, and there's people on the boardwalk,
that their whole lifestyle, their whole living,
is they do crazy shit on the boardwalk.
They make funky art, or they roller skate and play guitar,
or they make sand castles and shit.
And they wanted me to come out there with a leaf blower,
and just fuck around.
Absolutely not, because that's not funny to anyone but an asshole.
So another guy in the cast did it. Guess what?
It wasn't in the show, because everyone wanted to fucking murder him.
Yeah, I don't like that stuff.
Although he did have the leaf blower, and there's a bunch of Hare Krishna,
the Hare Krishna guys dancing and banging on cymbals,
and they're tambourines.
And they're like, it's a really good shot,
but it never aired out of the thing.
Of him dancing with the Hare Krishna,
while the leaf blower's blowing out their robes around.
But they're like, this is the best day of our lives.
Which makes me like Hare Krishna a lot more.
When I think about cameras being on me all the time,
I actually, I would like to be part of a fairy tale
where I learn that this isn't true,
but I actually feel like the more the better.
Like I feel like this strange perverse,
like I just feel, I feel emotionally like somewhere
at the root of all of my developmental experience,
there's so much people catching you doing things.
People saying, you do what? You're that way?
You that? You do that?
And throughout your adult life.
I mean, this though?
If you're lucky enough to move forward in your adult life,
that you can slowly, like those things become jokes,
they become stand-up bits, they become sketches,
they become poems, they become Tumblr blogs,
they become things like you, you don't just shed them,
you actually drape them around you like feathers
and some amazing cloak, and you start to fly with them.
And I can't, I know that it's probably therefore
not healthy to say, alright everybody just fucking gather around me,
put every camera you have on me, let's all go to bed together,
fucking try as hard as you can to catch me not being a good person.
I bet you can't.
It feels to me like a subversive act.
Like what do you think you're going to catch me doing?
What do you think you're going to catch me thinking?
Everything that I think I say,
do you really, really think that you live in a world
where everyone around you is hiding things from you?
And are you therefore hiding things from everyone?
Can we very, very slowly start to peel these masks away?
Can we talk to each other? Can we see each other?
And so I have a very twisted relationship with surveillance,
these cameras, I don't want fucking NSA watching me through a laptop,
but I do want fans up in my grill.
I do want documentaries made about me.
I wish that I could create an orbit of fucking cameras around me.
I wish that I could be Truman in the Truman Show.
And I understand that compulsion.
And I always wonder like people who feel that way,
because those people, they're on reality shows
and they cut each other up and put each other in suitcases.
Because they're crazy. They want to be superstars.
Like what is that? Where is that?
Just part of you wish that you were an actor
and that you were the kind of guy that if you went to Little Dom's
there'd be paparazzi everywhere?
No, not at all, because that's the opposite.
It's not, that's artifice.
I've been through that. It's the worst. It's terrible.
So what's the difference between those cameras being on you
and who are the other people with cameras that are on you?
I don't know, just an open channel.
I just want that diaphragm dilated.
I just don't want to ever experience, ever again,
being the last person to know that I'm weird.
I just want to be the first person to say,
this is who I am.
I never actually felt that bad
when people beat me up on the playground.
The thing that really made me feel bad
was when the other guy came up and said,
don't beat him up, just because he's...
and he'd list the shit that you should be ashamed of.
Just because he's dirty and stinky and gross
and he pees with his pants around his ankles
like, come on, he's a good guy.
And he wasn't a bad guy.
That guy was trying to stick up for me,
but that's how I have to find out.
That's how I have to find out from a DMV clerk,
from a Verizon employee, from God, from government.
I'm going to be the guy that tells you who I am.
I'm not going to ever stand there
in front of the fucking Krypton Tribunal
and be told that I have to go to the Phantom Zone.
I choose to go to the Phantom Zone.
I'll tell you what's wrong with me.
I hate Superman. He's a piece of shit.
I think he's dumb, stupid, and he looks too good.
I have hatred inside of me.
I want to burn things with my eyes.
I'll tell you, and then I'll be safe.
I'm not going to do anything bad to anybody.
That's why I...
Except Superman. You want to kill Superman.
Well, fuck that guy.
I was just on a fucking came-to-earth
and got a job and a paper. Won't tell anybody.
We're in glasses? You don't need glasses.
You can see everything.
Everyone that loves Superman loves fucking Lex Luthor.
That is the...
I didn't even...
Fucking Lex Luthor is a human being
that's like, who the fuck is this asshole?
I'm smart. I can do anything.
Why am I being counted out?
Is Superman because he's good-looking and can do everything?
Lex Luthor doesn't like Superman
because he fucking...
He didn't have to deal with life on Earth.
Superman thinks he's fucking...
Every Superman movie they make,
over the last 40 years, it's like Superman...
Oh, let's really let people know
how hard it is to be Superman.
What the fuck are you talking about?
He's a Harvard graduate on a galactic scale.
It doesn't...
It's just stupid that he pretends he's from the Midwest.
It's just adding to it.
It's like fucking horrific.
Like, hey, sure wish I was good at football.
Fuck you!
Throw the ball as hard as you can.
If you can throw it harder than us,
let us figure out how to beat you and bury you.
You don't belong here.
You're not a human.
I'll shave my head and I will fucking defeat you
with my knowledge.
I might have to scour the universe
to find what makes you meet.
I will fucking bring you down
because I am super.
Because I wasn't born super.
I was born weak.
That makes me strong.
And I lost my hair.
I don't even know if you know what that means.
For all I know, no man on your planet even has hair loss.
Terrell was bald, too, wasn't he?
Yeah, by choice, I bet.
I bet he looked in the mirror and was like,
I bet I could be more super if I...
I don't know, I don't like that mythology.
I don't like it.
So good.
What year did the first Superman come out?
70s? 78?
So you were, what, five years old?
Four years old, five?
Whatever year you saw it.
You weren't rooting for Superman?
No, you don't root for Superman.
You root for Lois Lane.
You root for Jimmy Olsen.
You root for Lex Luthor.
You may even root for Ned Beatty.
I think that's a lot of...
Mr. Luthor!
Sorry, I'm just trying to do my job.
I know you hate Superman so much.
All I want to do is just do my fucking job
and make people happy.
Yeah, I guess you do it for the good humans
and then he is the force that...
Superman can take a flying fucking fuck.
The world's biggest donut.
The only thing, if you listen to previous episodes of the show,
I figured out, I didn't realize, I never understood it.
Superman was created by two little Jewish brothers.
They felt powerless, and they created it
at a time when that really meant something.
They were expressing something important.
They pronounce it Superman.
Which I believe is a polytechnic.
I need to actually know that
in order to appreciate Superman finally,
but that means that when I'm looking at Superman,
I'm actually thinking of those two kids.
Superman can...
Fuck you.
Fuck that guy.
If you approached and said,
write a Superman movie,
do you think you could make a Superman movie?
I could make any movie, Jeff.
Honestly...
Try to fix Superman Force right now.
What's your approach on Superman?
Dan Harmon Fixes Movie!
Faded on the Starfield.
You know what? No, fuck that.
Let's use some modern convention.
Faded on a bank teller.
Ugh, fuck.
It's hard to work at a bank.
Alright, I guess I'll just work at the bank again
for the 150th day in a row.
No actual change.
Hey, yeah, you'd like to make a withdrawal?
Yeah, and what amount?
Everything you got!
I said everybody, get down to the fucking floor!
I want all your fucking money!
I don't give a shit! You bunch of black women!
He's a bad person.
In a bad economy, you have to add that.
Because otherwise people would be like,
I'm on this guy's side.
You black women, get on the floor!
You fucking minorities and cripples!
I want your money!
You know, it's rude to ask for things without permission.
What the fuck? Hey!
Who are you, you fucking faggot pansy?
Why are you wearing a faggot gay?
Gay?
Blue? Gay?
I hate gay people outfit.
That's all I have to wear.
I didn't wake up, tried to make you happy.
Well, you're gonna die making me mad!
Close up of the bullet.
What the fuck, you fucking faggot motherfucking faggot?
I'm so angry, I'm fucking angry at faggots!
I hate gay ass, homosexual faggots!
You faggot fucking hate, I fucking hate faggots!
Next time I suggest you explore your hatred of people
who are different from you
through more healthy means than rubbing a bank.
Superman logo, cold open.
Written by Dan Harmon.
Directed by Dan Harmon, fuck it!
Finally, I've had enough, I've had enough, I'll do it!
Come out of the title sequence.
You didn't think you'd ever see that guy again.
But you do, it's on his face.
It's Chris Pratt, he steals this movie.
You faggot!
You faggot homosexual faggot!
Thanks Superman for arresting another bank robber.
Guess this guy kind of hates gay people.
Yeah, I don't get it really myself.
Hey Superman, can you come to my office?
Sure, Lieutenant.
You're not gonna try to confine me to it
and reveal a giant robot spider.
No, Superman, I think we all agree
that you're in control of the population.
Just us ants making shit work.
I would like to pretend that you're human.
Sit down with you and talk to you.
Detect a little bit of aggression.
Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is the way our last conversation went.
Sit down.
Pretend you ever need to sit.
I know that if you and I had a standing contest,
I'd turn into a skeleton.
Just humor me.
Do an impression of a person sitting.
I can sense, you can sense everything!
I'm sorry, sit down.
Who plays this little Lieutenant?
This is Gary Sneese.
Superman, my job is twofold.
Stop crime, which you have eliminated.
Keep the peace, which you're exacerbating.
What do you mean?
I'm about to tell you.
Everyone hates you.
What do you mean?
You're a pajama man from outer space.
Society is built on the principle
that if you work hard enough, you can become good.
You drifted in from the clouds
and are better than anyone can ever be.
Every time someone tries to do something wrong,
you beat them up with your eyebrow.
As police chief, this poses a problem for me in the long term.
I would like you to take a break.
I would like you to go somewhere.
Just let the city feel what it feels like to be human again.
But I thought people like, just trust me.
Go away.
Just go away.
Go sit in a rock and shit in a bag and eat it.
If you care, if you care about humanity,
go fuck off.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
You just said, Superman, I'm going to pull out my iPhone.
I'm going to record this conversation.
Is that okay?
Well, I have a photographic memory.
It's for me, motherfucker.
It's for me.
Tell me you don't give a shit about metropolis.
Tell me it's about you, motherfucker.
I didn't say that.
Tell me you refuse to leave.
I live here.
You, I'm asking you to leave.
Do you hate crime?
I don't think people should come in.
Crime is happening still because of you.
You make everyone feel weak.
Everyone's going to keep acting out.
Can you take a two week break?
Can we have a parade where you're not around?
Can we be flawed?
Can we be rougher on the edges?
Can you go away?
Do you have a mother?
Do you have an uncle?
Do you have a hobby?
Is it Gary Sidney's?
It might be me.
I need to hear more people than you say this.
Okay, emergency town hall meeting.
Yeah, get out of here.
Get out.
Boo.
Boo. Boo. Boo. Boo.
I don't understand.
Why is everyone not like me?
I'm better than everyone.
Yeah.
You can't understand that.
Get out.
Okay, I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
Two weeks later, on Superman's chosen island,
where the indigenous population was just left.
I guess I'll eat another coconut by opening it with my laser eyes.
Oh, yeah, I don't need to eat anything.
Here I am, the most Superman on island 134.
Meanwhile, in Metropolis, hey, someone got mugged today.
You know what?
They probably needed the money.
It's kind of an acceptable crime rate.
Just the threat that Superman might ever come back
is actually putting us way above Flint, Michigan.
This is great.
Yeah, but Chief, Superman's due to come back next Thursday.
Fuck.
Shit.
Who can kill Superman?
I can.
Lex Luthor, yes.
I have dedicated my life to figuring out how.
How can you do it?
With this green knife.
Okay, go do it.
NASA, can you help?
Yeah, we're happy to.
He's also putting us out of business.
Here's the thing.
Superman can't lie.
Let's call him up.
Hey, Superman.
Or just talk like a dog and he'll hear us.
Yeah, you know anything?
Anybody?
Giant robot spider?
Yeah, where are you?
West of Jamaica.
Okay, we'll be right there.
Go, go, go, go.
I love coconut.
Oh God, I got a stabbing me to death.
With kryptonite, a kryptonite knife.
My super heart.
I won't beat anymore because it's been stabbed.
No one's ever tried this.
Just make a fucking knife out of kryptonite.
Stab him.
He's heart beat something's in there.
He's not animated flesh.
He's a super person.
He has a heart somewhere.
Stab him with kryptonite.
Shank, shank, shank, shank.
Stab, stab, stab, stab.
Jeremy Renner's shaved head Jeremy Renner.
I beat you.
It's in the way that you use it.
Credits.
Yeah, credits.
Death to Superman.
There's no Lois Lane in that movie?
Yeah, she, she, you know what?
I'll bring in a Lois Lane consultant.
What do you mean?
I'm just asking.
I guess not.
No, there's no Lois Lane.
So we just root for like the lieutenant and Lex Luthor.
What are all the people he saved throughout this time?
There's lots of people like that.
They went on with their lives.
But wouldn't they be grateful and feel bad?
To what end?
Humanity.
Well, they're going to show up every time Superman's in trouble now?
That's not saving.
That town hall meeting, for instance,
when everyone's like boo boo boo,
wouldn't it be an old lady in the bag,
will he save my husband from falling off the seat?
He saved me.
Right?
No, it's, it's, well, that was 20 minutes of my movies an hour and a half.
Okay.
There's shit like that.
You...
Okay, okay, good.
So there are people that...
No, it's a complicated film.
Right.
There are so many people who have a complicated relationship with Superman.
I think it's a big role for Gary Sinise to tackle.
Yeah.
I'm out of breath just auditioning for it.
Just knocking him out.
All right.
Jesus Christ.
I just don't think that Superman's a compelling character.
He's born too gifted.
Is that a problem?
No.
Nope.
But I do think knowing that, like, you know,
if you know that the two Jewish kids made him,
I think that's heart-wrenching.
Because they're like,
what if you were a fucking Superman and it's like,
holy shit, Jesus Christ,
I'm not going to take that away from you.
Except you just did with a kryptonite knife.
Yeah, yeah.
It's kind of a Nazi movie.
It actually becomes like the,
yeah, you're right.
No, you're right.
That is terrible.
That's the complicated thing.
You took the only mythology the Jews have
when they rise up.
Well, I take exception to that.
I did not take the only mythology Jews have.
Away from them.
I mean, like superhero, like redemptive post-World War II,
like cultural shit.
Yes.
If you're a Superman fan,
I wouldn't mind talking to you.
All right.
Fuck it.
Get this guy up here.
Come on up here.
Get up here.
And you're going to play D&D with us, too, so.
He's got a Mega Man t-shirt.
What's your name, sir?
Eric.
Eric?
Actually, I write comics.
Now you're doing the thing.
Okay.
Like, I don't want to, we don't, I'm not bullying you,
but I've never had a conversation with anybody
that's done this.
Your earlobes have the earrings in them
that, where you widen your earlobes.
We do.
What are those called, exactly?
Gages.
It's like awesome marks.
Awesome marks.
Stretched ears, yeah.
It's like a tribal kind of thing.
But Superman, more importantly, Superman.
No, what are they called?
They're called Gages.
Stretched ears, they're called.
Gage Deers.
Gage is like an incremental movement.
Gage, yeah.
It's like an inch or a mile.
Gage means like the width.
Okay.
Stretched ears, yeah.
Stretched ears.
Now here's some questions.
Do they ever come out?
Do you take them out at night and clean them
or do you just leave them in?
You want to find out?
The night is young.
I'm going to fuck your earlobes, man.
That's what I'm saying.
I'll stretch your fucking ears.
I'm going to fucking get you a bigger gauge,
motherfucker.
Are you sick of those questions?
Your Aunt Trudy will ask that question.
I'm 16 and I'm like 28 now.
You've been doing it that long.
Well, I did it for like one year in high school.
I did that.
I just always wonder, my big question,
I am your Aunt Trudy and I'm asking you,
tomorrow let's say you go, eh, forget it.
Now what happens?
Do they shrink?
Do they?
Well, I have tattoos, too.
I have a bunch of things that have done to my body,
permanently.
But to the earlobes?
Oh, they just look wonky.
They look wonky already, obviously.
But yeah, they just, they heal weird.
I'm not Wolverine, unfortunately.
I apologize.
I'm not like, I do a million things.
I'm mad if people ask me why I do them.
I'm literally only asking because I can't,
at the bar, I can't go up to somebody
and ask those questions.
So I thought I would take the opportunity
because it would be a tool if I did that.
And now I just offended somebody
by making that impression of a, yeah.
But I, yeah, I just, you're the first person
I've ever actually had the opportunity to ask you.
All right, what was your name?
Eric.
Eric, all right.
So why were you up here again?
Superman.
Wow.
I had a question, actually.
Make us like Superman.
All right, you have a question.
Yeah, just as a person who is oftentimes like,
I see you as a Clark Kent type character.
You're an exceptional person.
And there are folks who hate you for trying
and they want to tear you down for daring to fly.
And that's kind of like Clark Kent's story.
It's a man who's like trying to be his best self
and he made me a challenge again.
But Clark Kent is a lie.
Clark Kent isn't a real person.
Well, no, he was born like, he was an adopted guy.
Yeah, he grew up without powers
and he gradually grew into him.
It's like puberty.
But he was like, that was his identity.
It wasn't like he's like,
now I'm going to hide his Clark Kent.
He grew up as Clark Kent
and eventually formed the Superman identity.
Okay, I never thought about it.
I guess I knew that, but wasn't looking at that one.
Yeah, I didn't really think about it.
Well, the extra minute is who you are
when the cameras are on.
It's your higher self.
It's him trying to be the best.
Even Clark isn't really like that.
He uses a different tone of voice.
He parts his hair in a different part of his head.
He dresses differently, obviously.
It's him trying to be his best self
and putting his best foot forward.
I think at home,
and the fortress will sell to you.
I think he needs that
because he has the like,
oh, fuck, what am I doing?
I'm not sure, I understand.
Yeah, well, I guess that makes it really interesting.
The idea that he...
My question is what makes the character interesting
because my question is at a certain point
when he finally, for the fifth time,
realizes that he can go anywhere,
live anywhere, do whatever he wants.
He can make his nose make money.
Like, Superman just can do whatever he wants.
He would crush a coal in a diamond.
There's an emotional component of his actual...
He's like, yeah, but where's home?
Who am I?
Isn't that lonely?
Haven't you ever like...
I don't know.
I used to have a girlfriend
who I loved dearly
who didn't really do the kind of things I did.
He was kind of like a common person.
There's nothing wrong with that,
but I wanted to do more.
I wanted to move to LA.
I wanted to succeed in writing.
And this person was just someone
who had like a menial kind of like Walmart job.
And that was very lonely for me.
I couldn't relate to her.
And I see Clark Kent as that kind of like,
constantly ostracized by Lex Luthor
and those kind of like Twitter assholes.
And then personally, like, his only friend is Batman.
He's like the baddest ass guy in the world.
Wait a minute.
You're saying the best version of him
is the Clark Kent side of his life
because that's him trying to be human
and be loved and be...
He actually doesn't think of himself as Superman.
I have to slick myself up in the morning
to go outside and talk to people.
I feel like that's him putting on the Superman ass.
He believes that he is Clark Kent.
That's who he is.
Because that's what it says on his birth certificate
and that's what it says in his yearbook.
So when he has to go into the phone booth
and become Superman, is he bummed out about that?
Is that a burden for him?
I think it's just another role.
I don't think he really identifies as Superman.
It's a job he has to do and he has to keep it separate from...
He's actually protecting Clark Kent.
I never looked at it that way.
All right, I like Superman now.
Eric, everybody!
Wait, no, stay, Eric.
Because we're going to play Dungeons and Dragons.
How many characters do we need?
Well, we typically roll with four characters, but, you know...
So we need...
Not that I see gender, but let's get a young lady up here.
Or an old lady.
Not that I see age, either.
What did you say?
My lowest lane is here.
But that would be unfair, wouldn't it?
We need to get someone else's lowest lane up here.
Or someone who is their own She-Ra.
Is there anyone who happened to...
Who happens to have more ovaries than testes that...
That wants to play D&D tonight?
No? Okay, good, fine.
I saw you...
I saw you shrugging.
You played before, right?
You've never played?
Who's back there?
I actually played once, too. I could swap out.
Well, let's not unravel the whole carpet.
Dan, is it all the counterintuitive?
Let's bring up his girlfriend.
Is it your girlfriend?
Yeah.
This is not the one the Walmart one.
No, no.
Thank God.
Give it to someone else. I hang out at your house.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who isn't back there?
I saw a hand come up. Who is it?
I thought I saw...
No?
Yes, yes, you.
Come on up.
What's your name?
Laurel.
Laurel?
Oh, Laurel, sorry.
Have we met Laurel?
No, we have not.
Okay. And Eric, okay.
All right, thank you for coming up.
Well, that was so arduous.
I wasn't here last week, and I forgot to listen to the episode,
so I don't know what happened.
How did you forget?
I was out of town.
I meant to listen to the next day, and I just got distracted.
Then I forgot all about it.
Okay.
I normally, when I'm not here, listen to the D&D part at least,
just so I'm caught up on that.
All right, if you guys can figure this out.
One of you is Christopher Berg, and one of you is Mulray and Sedona.
It's all made up.
Eric and Laurel, are you familiar with these characters a bit?
I am, yeah.
A little bit.
Probably more than Dan and I.
All right, yeah, hand me over the quarks.
Yeah, grab yours off the top there.
They're all cleverly placed in top to bottom.
Eric, you're Christopher Berg.
Laurel, you're Mulray.
You do Mulray in there?
Yeah.
This is exciting stuff.
Shit, sir.
You got mine too?
Take the top two sheets and pass them down.
Okay, we did it.
This show is podcast gold.
All right, guys, go ahead and see it.
It was a harm and tell when you passed the papers around for two minutes.
You didn't see it.
You weren't there, man.
You had to be there, man.
You were passing you around.
There was a lot of dead air.
It was really good.
There were six sheets and then four.
Tell me about it.
Tyler asked, he likes the idea that there's a Harmontown fan that talks like that.
Man, Harmontown was really rocking last night.
It was a super outer space pajama man of episode.
I didn't think Dan would pick Chili, but he picked it.
They're goodness here.
I think it's pretty amazing that not that it was a Herculean effort,
but that you softened Dan's dance on Superman in about eight sentences.
It really did.
Actually, yeah, that's true.
It's just a matter of quickly shifting one important thing.
But the fact that you don't take that away from Superman,
you don't remember it that way, that you've taken another stance on it.
Yeah, well, because I was, yeah, I think we all, yeah.
You think about it in terms of comic books that you may or may not have ever read,
and I think that, of course, I've never read a Superman comic book.
I am familiar with Superman from a certain perspective,
and I always identify with the criminal.
No, Eric.
Because I never actually, like, and I was aware that,
okay, yeah, he came down to Earth and he was raised by these kids,
these parents and small, but I never, something,
there was a tissue paper thin thing that needed to be poked through.
Somebody needed to go, no, he thinks he's Clark Kent.
He doesn't think he's Superman.
Now, Eric, I've only seen the movies.
I've never read a Superman comic.
What's coming through in the movies, do you think?
More so in the comics.
I'm a big fan of the comics, the other Mark Wade stuff,
and Smallville was cool for Lex Luthor, too.
They had the idea there that there was a guy who was very exceptional
and used to getting his own way, and, like, the Harvard graduate in the room,
and he was this new kid, and that was kind of fun in that series.
But the idea that anyone, like, if someone else gets something,
they're not taking anything away from you,
and that's the central idea that Lex Luthor can't understand,
but, like, he can't just succeed alongside you.
He has to have it all himself, and that's really compelling to me.
But no, I don't think that they really delved into that, Jeff,
what you were asking about.
I don't think, like, they really dropped the ball with those narrative opportunities
because they don't really provide a good case on why he's alienated and stuff.
They just make it seem like it's great,
and then in one scene it really sucks to be him,
and then it's great again.
Well, and now he, like, murders dudes.
Now he's super alone because he's, like, this ultra cop,
and he's the guy who's responsible.
He's super dead.
He's responsible for everyone on the planet.
So now Lex is correct.
That's weird.
He's no greater superhero than Iron Man.
Well, agreed, yeah, naturally.
Because he's, like, super flawed.
Because he's not a superhero.
Yeah, he and Spider-Man are really relatable.
He's a fucking human being that earned everything
and pays the price through alcoholism.
He's, like, nothing.
No radioactive spider, nothing.
Like, I respect Spider-Man, but you get bit by a spider.
Like, try being a dude.
But his dad was, like, a real, you know...
Yeah.
He's pretty.
He was raised by Howard Hughes.
He went off.
Yeah.
He's gonna earn it all himself.
And those movies are fucking awesome.
Yeah, no.
Bring it on the third one.
But, I mean...
I've never seen or read an Iron Man thing.
So he was born wealthy, though, right?
Yeah.
His dad was, like, almost as good of a genius as he was
and also pretty successful.
That's as much of a radioactive spider as anything else.
But now he's...
Right.
But, okay, alright.
He's rebelling now, though.
It's more like bad.
Now he's a hero and giving back to humanity
because his dad just took...
Because that was, like, this kind of brand-based man.
Tony Stark's dad, like...
Yeah, Tony Stark's dad is as good as Tony Stark, but...
But...
Okay, alright.
Tony Stark is as smart as his dad, if not more.
And fucking, like, took it and ran with it.
Yeah.
And, yeah, he's a solipsist and he's, like...
But his dad built weapons and, like, all their money comes from blood money.
Yeah.
So now he's now a son as a hero so he's gonna save people
with kind of a tone with that father.
Yeah.
Alright.
I'm gonna see those movies.
If you wanna borrow some comics, I mean...
Look, look, we're already dating.
We've established that.
I'm trying, man.
In the morning when I'm leaving and I put a rose on your pillow,
I'm taking some of your comics with me.
I'm making Tumblr jellies.
Wait, you're making Tumblr jello?
Tumblr jellies.
Oh, okay, wow.
I wanna try your famous Tumblr jello.
Well, that's for breakfast.
Alright, let's play some D&D for pity's sake.
Alright.
Last time on Harmontown.
After getting to the Floating Isle of Paradise,
our heroes met with the island's guardian,
Yomiji the Angel,
and together cured Chris de Burgh of his possession.
However, in the process, they freed Admiral Darkstar.
With his new ghastly form, Darkstar possessed Yomiji
and assaulted the gang mercilessly.
Quark accidentally set the island on fire,
and Paradise began falling from the sky.
Acting quickly, Moraine leapt for the portal,
catching the razor-sharp rim and pulling herself
into Bill Martigan's, and with her rope...
Our...
And with our rope,
managed to pull the rest of our heroes to safety.
As Darkstar flew away and his heavenly host,
our hero relished their victory,
heading to the nearest tavern.
There they encountered some gnomes and a small automaton,
and after a brief discussion,
Moraine held up the gnomes with her bows,
snatching away the machine's blueprints from the helpless gnomes,
while Quark grabbed the baby bot.
But what would the gang do with the machine?
What if they got caught?
It's a fucking good episode I missed.
Would our heroes be able to escape from Bill Martigan's
with their robot or their lives?
Let's find out now.
Harmontown.
Thank you, Spencer.
Okay.
Helping no amount over here.
There's a robot?
A baby robot.
A baby robot?
Was it in the bar?
Yeah.
And what were the blueprints that we stole?
They were for the baby robot.
There was baby blueprints.
Baby blueprints.
Baby robot blueprints.
Rubber baby blueprints.
Rubber baby robot blueprints.
And we wanted to steal these because we wanted a baby robot?
Yeah.
Is there a baby robot or just the blueprints to make a baby robot?
There's also a baby robot.
And so these gnomes at the bar were hanging out
and they got a baby robot.
Yeah.
And they have the blueprints to make another baby robot.
But then Mulrainee held them up with her bow
and you grabbed the robot.
All right.
So I got the robot.
Yeah.
Describe this robot for me please.
It looks like a gnome if it were a child.
It's maybe two and a half feet tall.
It's all silvery and it's got empty eye sockets
or you know, empty.
Okay.
It also has a weird cavity in its chest
like something supposed to like fit in there.
Well you know what I'm going to do.
You're not going to ask me twice.
I don't fuck the baby robot's chest yet.
I'm going to learn a little bit more about this baby robot.
So the gnomes kind of stand with their hands up
all surrender style and they're like,
I don't know what to do because not to metagame
but Kumail and Aaron where they instigated this robbery.
The chapter ended with me going,
what the fuck?
So now we could have maybe purchased it
or they might have just given it to us or some shit.
Well you guys don't have any money.
Is this like Astro Boy?
Did they like lose their baby and they're building a new one?
It's like sad.
Those are great questions.
I'm going to ask them like what this baby is.
I asked the, how many gnomes are in the bar?
Three.
I asked these gnomes, who is the owner of this baby robot?
Hey Jack, take it easy.
It's all going to be okay.
I'd say put the baby down.
I mean this is me talking.
Look, I wasn't here so I hand the baby to you
and go do what you feel.
I've got the baby now I'm putting it down.
I don't want to metagame but it wasn't me
that started this robbery.
You're having a quarrel of conscious with me.
I never wanted to steal nothing from no one.
I was appreciating the opportunity to be between adventures.
I certainly didn't want to start a new one by robbing anybody.
And even if I did, even if I did, I wouldn't have robbed a baby.
Even in a mystical Middle Earth realm that seems over the line.
Here's your baby.
My name is Sharpie.
I'm going to go over there and I'm going to hang out by the jukebox.
Alright, I guess you give them their baby back.
They want their baby back, baby back, baby back.
Fuck you.
There isn't a jukebox.
I know.
Just don't exist.
Bartender, let's buy everybody here a round.
You don't actually see any bartender.
These three guys are the only ones in the room.
I'd like to buy you all a drink for seeming like I was going to steal your baby.
I'd feel a lot better if you could get your friend to a lower bow there.
Yeah, I'll lower my bow.
Okay.
See, what happens is, non-nome people, we have...
Do you guys know what Jack Russell Terriers are?
No.
It's like a dog.
It's beloved, but it's got a predilection for...
Oh, like a blink dog.
Different breeds of man have different predilections for different obsessive behavior.
We came in here for a drink and we just freaked out for a second.
Spencer, since I'm a gnome, do I have kind of an automatic in with these guys?
Is there some affinity there?
Or am I still kind of a potential threat because of avoidable...
I feel like you guys really burned through that.
Whatever equity I had has been wasted?
Yeah.
All right.
I say, I'm sorry, who is the owner of this baby?
Oh, that's me.
What's your name, my friend?
Walt.
Walt?
Hey, I'm Quark.
Sorry about the whole...
Look, we've had a long day.
We just fell through paradise when we killed the big angel thing or whatever.
This is...
Admiral Darkstar has been up our dick for the fucking last couple years.
I gotta admit, it's pretty hard to connect with you guys emotionally.
Look, I understand.
We'll walk away, but we'll leave you guys to do your thing.
I say we just leave these guys.
Like, we never came in here.
We never came in here.
I give them...
I give them a dollar.
I toss in my nutsack.
I have a sack of nuts.
I give them my nutsack.
I go, enjoy some nuts.
It's pretty delicious.
You know what?
I give them 50 feet of rope.
Really?
Yeah, because you never know.
As you hand them 50 feet of rope, you hear behind you several footsteps.
Several sets of footsteps.
We're gonna need that rope.
I hang onto the rope, and I do one of these.
I go, if there's a motherfucker's creeping up on me, I'm keeping the rope.
That's what I do.
And it's for the trailer.
That's pretty nice there.
Yeah.
So you see behind you, three gnomes have walked in the front door.
They're looking pretty cool, cool dudes.
They're all wearing lime green scarves on their necks.
Cool.
Guys, what's up?
What are you guys doing in our turf?
Hey, here to buy you a drink?
Talk about being a gnome.
I got my gnome friend.
Hey!
We got gold.
We got silver.
We got stories.
We got...
Wait, what?
Give it up.
Give what up?
Gold silver stories.
Let me start over.
We got gold for our own purposes.
We have silver for our own purposes.
I don't have any gold.
Do you have any gold?
Give it up.
You're robbing us?
Yeah, you're in our turf, boys.
Some rough gnomes.
All right.
Okay.
How close am I to this robot baby?
You're right up next to it.
Describe the hole in the robot baby's chest.
It looks like it's meant to fit some sort of maybe like a saucer-shaped dick.
Dick.
Yeah.
Okay.
I just want to be near that baby in case I want to grab that baby again.
I'm not going to fuck the baby, everybody.
Okay, guys, guys, guys, I swear to God, I promise you that if we fight, you'll lose.
But if we don't fight, I will give you...
What do I have wealth-wise?
What do I have?
I don't know.
You don't know?
I'll give you 500 million gold pieces.
I mean, I don't think you have any gold.
Oh, okay.
Guys, I will give you...
I don't have anything?
I don't think you have gold.
We always forget to loot the people that we kill.
Yeah.
All right.
Here's what I'll do.
I'm going to give...
I'm going to tell you guys a riddle, and if you answer the riddle correctly, you can
have everything that I have.
Okay?
Hmm.
Everything.
All my possessions, all my clothes, everything.
Do you want to hear...
Do you want to do the riddle?
Well, I just want to take all your stuff anyway.
You don't want to do the riddle?
Because if you don't do the riddle, we got to fight.
Well, this...
If you do the riddle and you guess it right, you could get it without a fight.
This is Bill Mardigans, the town of cigarettes and riddles.
Yeah, so don't you want to do a riddle?
I guess I do.
All right.
So, all right.
What is smaller than a human but looks like a bloody skeleton?
Smaller than a...
A bloody skeleton of a half...
Like a fucked up...
Wait, what?
Sorry, I'm sorry.
A bloody skeleton of a half...
No, no, that's not true.
No.
That's not right.
So, let's...
We're going to go past.
Oh, no.
You could try, though.
Wait, what?
No, no.
Okay.
Well, you see...
Give us all stuff.
What's the answer to the riddle?
Oh.
Damn!
Kick their ass!
Flaming sword, cleave attack!
Say, which one?
I go at the first two closest green scarf where I nose and I go for a cleave on them with my great sword.
All right.
You leap towards with them with a flaming great sword with the intent to cleave, but as you do so, the two flanking,
the guy who's been talking loose, they're light crossbows into your flesh!
Light crossbows.
One of them misses, but the other does not miss, and it hits you.
Dealing some seven damage.
At any rate, you launch yourselves towards the gnomes and slash.
You slash the other one's neck, and his head pops clean off.
The other one you just hit.
Let's see how much damage you've done.
So one guy's just done.
Yeah, he's done.
You got critical hit.
What's your damage again?
Sorry, everybody.
It's 2d8, is it?
It's 2d8 plus 7.
Oh, wait.
No, that was just 2d8.
It deals 11 damage to the other one, and he clutches his neck wound.
He's also got hit in the neck because they're the same height.
He just kind of falls down bleeding, I guess.
He's not dead, though.
Let's put it on Mulrange's turn.
You got your bow out.
Yeah, I have my speedy longbow, and I use that to attack one of the other gnomes.
You fire it at one of the other gnomes, like the one that was talking, or the one that's bleeding, or the other ones.
I'll fire at one of the ones that came in from behind.
The guy that's not hit yet.
You fire the arrow, but something seems to have gone wrong.
Your bowstring snaps in the bow, and the arrow just kind of flies off.
It hits you in the eye, but not the tip, like just the side of the shaft.
Hits you right in the left eye near bowstring snaps.
It's going to take at least a turn to heal that.
Sounds about right.
Sorry.
That one was a critical fail, yeah.
So, putting it at, uh, Christopher's turn, yeah?
I thought the smoke bomb, like a ninja, for cover, and then I jump and grab the baby.
Unleashing a torrent of acrid smoke into the room, you use this cover to grab the baby.
What you do, now you hold it in your hands.
Uh, and then I hide.
You retreat into the shadows.
He's a rogue.
You're the Steve Buscemi of this, uh, skirmish.
So that's a high cause fear.
That's what it'll look like if I'm successful.
All right, so the two guys that were already in the room before you came in, they just cower in fear,
but the rest of the people aren't really affected, other than the dead guy.
All right!
They're just cowering in fear.
So the first three guys that were there, it doesn't affect you.
Yeah.
But the ones that were already afraid.
The bleeding guy with green scarf and non-bleedy guy with green scarf, they're affected by it.
They weren't affected by it.
Green scarves weren't affected.
Oh, so the other guys were?
Yes.
These green scarves guys are so badass.
So the rest of them, the guys that are scared, they just cower normal style.
But the cactus bunch guy that's alive, he starts reloading his...
Oh yeah, I didn't even mention that.
He goes, you will not mess with the cactus bunch!
A guy in the front row called that.
Thank you.
That guy's the guy I'm playing this whole thing for.
I love it.
The whole reason I do it.
Oh shit, you guys, this is fucking KB!
This is the cactus bunch.
K?
They spell cactus with a K, you guys.
Two.
Two Ks, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, this is fucking cactus bunch from Whittier.
You sliced this guy's head off and now we won't forget you guys.
The cactus bunches don't remember a face.
I mean, we do.
We also don't talk good.
Or spell cactus, right?
The one guy starts reloading his crossbow and the chatty guy,
he lunges at a Sharpie with a knife drawn.
And just like that, that's how his attack goes.
He kind of just goes at you and he stabs the air next to you.
Doesn't do anything.
The rest of the guys are just scared in the corner.
Do you have a comeback that sounded like you had something to say?
I said sup.
Sup.
Not much, sup with you.
Well, we can just do this?
I don't know.
Why not, right?
Can we stop fighting?
Oh, oh, I thought you were just talking to me.
Oh, no.
Well, whatever.
I'm talking to the guys trying to stab me.
It's fine, it's fine.
Sharpie, you don't talk to KB, man.
Cactus bunch slice you.
They also take your bandana off and kick you in the chest.
Putting it at a quark start.
Is my storage still flaming?
Yeah.
Where am I in relationship to the guy that's the chatty one,
the guy that came in the door?
He's behind you at this point.
He ran at Sharpie.
Is he close enough to the bleeding guy for a clean attack?
No, no, no.
That guy's healing himself.
Okay, well, I go up to the guy that's bleeding through the neck,
and I take the sword and go straight down from his head
and try to just bifurcate him.
Just to slice him in half.
Bifurcate him.
Man, this is my figuralization.
What was your word earlier?
Just general, what was your word?
Regularization in the chat.
Regularization.
Thanks.
I'm going to bifurcate him.
Swinging with your sword.
Oh, shit.
You bifurcate him in tune.
Oh, fuck.
And that was also critical, yeah.
Wow, I'm on a roll.
I guess you are.
I light a cigarette and just enjoy the moment.
That put a mole rain's turn.
Am I still injured from the Bowen?
No, but your bow, you'd have to use a weapon other than your bow
unless you wanted to restrain it.
I'll take my sword and attack the talky guy that hasn't been injured yet.
Grabbing your sword, you swing at the talky guy,
but you miss him.
He seems to sway back with some words.
Oh, you got him swing with a different sword than that.
He's got his cactus butt your fucking tongue.
Yeah, putting it at a Christopher's turn.
I emerge from the shadows just enough to miss my face
and the creepy baby's face.
And I hold a vial of acid over the baby.
And I say, all right, motherfuckers, everybody be cool.
And I try to sound like Samuel L. Jackson when I do it.
And I succeed.
Sounding like Samuel L. Jackson.
The rest of the people don't...
Oh, no, no, no. If you're going to do it, commit to it.
I want to hear this Samuel L. Jackson impression.
I'll pass, I'll pass.
You're kind of doing it there.
I'm tired of these motherfucking gnomes.
My motherfucking Yomiji plane or whatever.
Yomiji plane.
So you do that and those cowering gnomes that are all feared up,
they're all like, no, don't.
But the chatty gnomes like, man, I don't give a fuck.
Oh, shit.
We're like arch enemies.
No, we're like Pock and Biggie, that guy, man.
We're going to do it.
Also, I see you hiding.
I see you frontin'.
Oh, shit.
Now it's personal.
Put it at a...
Sharpies.
Oh, this is business.
Shocking grass, motherfucker.
You grab him shockingly, but he manages to sway back
with some chatty words like, oh, man, your hand's so electric.
I don't care.
Shit.
Fuck.
He sways back and then he lunges again towards you
and he tries to whip his knife at your face.
Me?
Yep, he just throws it at you, though.
Shit.
He done hit you in the face.
Dealing.
There's a critical hit, son.
13 damage.
I'll leave it to you to know if that means I'm dead.
Let's find out.
What's your max health?
My max health is...
I'll tell you later.
It seems relevant.
42.
It's 42.
Nah, you're probably at about 12 or 13.
But you stagger with your face all bled up.
Now he's disarmed, his knife's in your face.
Putting it at Quark's turn.
I run over to Sharpie, take the knife out of his face
and plunge it in that motherfucker.
And I put it in the same spot in his face that Sharpie got it.
Or you would, but you trip and fall on Sharpie's face blood
in the ground.
The knife just goes skittering out the door.
Jeff, are you doing something awesome?
Who's Jeff?
Quark.
Experience points.
It's not today.
Can I get myself righted or is that not my turn?
Wait, what?
Can I get myself back on my feet or does it move on?
No, no, no.
You're out of moves.
Okay.
Putting it at Mulraine's turn.
So the knife is now out of...
Yeah, it flew out of the bar.
Okay, so I'm going to take my whisper bow
and hopefully be successful this time
in trying to attack the gnome that just threw the knife.
Attacking at the gnome, you shoot him right in the throat.
Damn!
And he takes eight damage.
All right.
Choking on his own blood, he falls to the floor going
Cactus.
Prickles.
Stab all in the end.
Anybody get that?
It's just some cactus bunch of bullshit.
Is he dead?
Yeah.
So we got all the green scars, cactus bunch, guys?
The other gnomes cower in fear still.
I know, the fight's not over though, right?
Everyone's dead except for people that are cowering in fear.
Some people like that.
It's pretty over.
Christopher?
Yeah, so I hold the violet acid over the baby
and I slowly walk out towards the door.
I go, all right, well, I have nothing else to say.
You sure don't.
In his stead, I have a few words.
I can't see anything right now because as you can see,
and I can't, my face has been stabbed.
But I will tell you what I can see.
I see a day when people don't fuck with each other.
Maybe I'm an old dreamer.
I know what happened here today didn't have to happen.
We got a little out of control.
We wanted to steal your baby.
We stood down.
We gave you baby back.
Some other fuckers came in, fucked with us.
Everyone's dead now.
My name's face bleeding, face bleed.
Not gonna give you my real name.
I want you to remember me as the face bleed guy.
I can't see you.
I can't feel you.
I'll never sympathize with you.
If I ever have to hear the name of this bar again,
it burns to the ground.
For now, be content, for it to be coated in blood.
You stabbed my face.
Quark.
I go over there and take their scarves.
That, that.
Oh, yeah, and I loot them.
Thank you.
Wait, what?
I go over there and take all their shit.
And I put what?
Yeah, gold everything.
I put one scarf around my head,
like, like, like Ralph Maccio and Crotty Kid.
And I put two around my leg, like two Scott Bayos.
Jesus.
I'm like, and I, and I, and I go,
you want these back?
You got to claim them from the new cactus bunch.
I'll tell you what, I don't know if anyone's listening to me
because I can't see because my face is stabbed.
But I will tell you something that's tragically ironic
about what you're inspired here today.
We didn't come in here caring about finance.
To the point where we didn't have any.
These guys came in and asked for our gold.
We didn't have any.
Does that suggest anything to you?
We lived in a world without, without currency.
From now on, we're robbing everyone.
Mulraine, go to the, you know,
equivalent of the cash register.
I can't, I got blood in my face.
I got a knife wound in my face.
I can't see anything.
I just want to rob everyone here.
If you can hear me and you're not dead,
you're lucky, but you're broke.
Mulraine, Mulraine.
Is there a cash register in the place?
There's money places.
Okay.
So you go there.
I say, Chris de Burgh, go to the cowering guys
because you're a thief.
Go get those guys.
I'll rob the dead.
On it.
Some of you are going to be left alive.
I want you to tell your friends about us.
We love money.
We love killing people.
We love robbing people.
We love money.
It's not, it's nothing new.
You'll remember it.
I ran it down just in case they forget.
Yeah.
We're going to leave it on a note here for you.
It's the same old songs.
We love money.
We love robbing people.
What do we get Spencer?
Okay.
So Mulraine in the cash till finds 300 gold pieces.
Yeah.
Chris de Burgh tries to mug these or tries to rob these people,
but they don't seem to have very much.
You get about 17 silver.
You were robbing the dead.
I was robbing.
Cactus bunch.
All of them are dead.
You already got their green bandanas,
but they also have 120 gold between the two of,
or three of them.
And one of them has a strange stick
colored with yellow and red paint.
Who knows what that is?
Ooh.
He also has a card that says cactus bunch.
All right.
I go over to Sharpie.
I don't know much about looking at those sticks.
Do you feel any magic on this stick?
I got my blood is in my eyes.
Can you put it in my hand?
Yeah.
Put it in your hand.
All right.
I'm feeling it.
Do I have a...
Do I have knowledge?
Arcana.
Come on.
You sense it arcana-ly,
but you don't turn anything up.
All right.
It seems like a stick.
I wouldn't throw it away.
I don't think people walk around with them
unless they're valuable.
I think maybe when we...
How big is the stick?
It's maybe three inches.
It's a little stick.
All right.
So we got the stick.
We got some money.
You want me to hang onto this?
Hang onto it.
I think, you know...
Let me try something.
And I thrust it and I put my magic energy into it.
And I pointed at the wall.
Nothing.
I'm not going to call that a deal breaker.
I just wanted to make sure that...
Some of these things, they'll make a dinosaur.
All right.
Do we have the blueprints for the baby?
Do you guys want to pawn this?
Yeah.
We got both of those things.
We got this robot baby.
We got to find out how to work that thing.
We got the blueprints.
I look at the blueprints and see if there's anything
about that disc thing, the hole in it,
and see if there's anything that...
The stick thing?
Yeah.
It looks like there's a little arrow
that points to the whole cavity.
And then there's some gnomish words,
and it's all like power, power, power.
It just says power three times.
What should go wrong, really?
We don't have the disc to put in the thing.
I look around for the disc in the room
and see if there's anything to put in there.
No dice.
I mean...
Then how do you know, man?
I rolled the dice.
A three-inch thing won't fit in there.
No, it's saucer-shaped.
How big around is the hole?
Yeah, you know, like a fifth-shape, cup-shape size
bigger than a stick.
Can I talk to the scared gnomes
and see if they can give us information
about what to put in the robot?
Yeah, they're just cowering.
Ask them whatever you want.
I'm going to ask them what we need to put in the robot.
I don't know, man.
We didn't figure that part out.
We just bought these on the gnome store.
I was going to say the internet.
All right, we need a cliffhanger here, you guys.
Fuck.
I don't care how long it takes.
I don't care what we have to do.
You're going to get used to seeing my face
with its gaping knife wound.
You got to give us more information than that.
Is the three-inch stick on the plans at all?
No.
Nope.
All right.
You bought a baby.
You don't know how to power it?
No.
Why did you buy this baby?
What do these things do?
What's the purpose of these things?
They're supposed to, you know, be cool.
Like they serve drinks.
Why does it have to be a baby, then?
I mean, it's not really a...
It's like a Kirby?
It does kind of look like a baby.
So you have a little baby rope
that just to do stuff for you?
Oh, no, man.
We're gnomes.
All right.
Well, guess what, gnomes?
Look, we're of the same breed and everything,
but we're taking that baby
and we're going to get the hell out of here.
Well, we got it now, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go, guys.
We walk out of the bar
and it's the slow-mo, stupid shot in every movie,
like the right stuff and everything,
and we're walking down the main drag
of Bill Martin against all four breasts.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, five of breasts.
We got that baby.
Wait, no.
Is the baby working?
Is he mobile?
No, it's not turned on.
But then we slowly start running, right?
Like we look badass for a second,
but then we're going to really, really...
We're going to start running.
Right.
Because we didn't tie them up or anything.
We're going to just get out of here.
Okay, no.
We're walking away
and we're doing the straight-to-camera walk
and slow-mo.
And then...
Is my sword still flaming?
Yeah.
I walk back and just touch the wall
in the place and go,
burn in paradise, motherfucker.
That...
And then I turn to you.
Sharpie's making a gape-mouth face.
I go, you said we kill people now.
We're gang now.
Come into it.
They helped us.
No, they didn't do shit.
They called cactus bunch on our asses.
We tried to take their baby
and they called it the fucking top.
They had a heart in their heart, man.
We're bad people.
Well, they go put the milk.
You're just a big monologue about
how we're bad guys now.
We steal and we rock.
I'm just trying to make them not call...
Well, then we're burning.
Should I get them out of there?
I'll get them.
Okay.
I go in and I get them.
Geez, boy, mix messages, man.
We're how good your monologues can be.
Guys, guys, we didn't want to burn you alive.
Come on.
Get out of here.
With...
Yeah.
They exit.
Okay.
All right.
You, you.
Get out of here.
All right.
Okay.
Now, you ever tell anybody what happened here?
Fucking skin you.
Skin your parents.
Skin your cousins.
If I can...
Christmas time,
five years from now,
you'll think everything...
There was just a weird thing that happened
that traumatized you.
Your kid will be opening a present.
I'll come out.
And I'll explain to you what Christmas is.
And then I'll skin everybody.
So just, just live in terror,
a vague terror.
Not like a...
Just a vague terror.
Like, don't...
Like, go about your normal business.
Be happy.
Fall in love.
Have children.
But always have underneath there,
like a meta-traumatization.
And I'll explain to you what Christmas is.
And then I'll skin everybody.
So just, just live in terror,
like underneath there,
like a meta-channel of terror.
Like the idea that I would come,
like I would be there,
and I would hurt you.
Okay.
All right, good.
And then,
then I think we always...
Then we start running away.
Now we're cool.
Because,
because I noticed that in that building,
there was,
there was alcohol and stuff like that.
And it's,
it's gonna blow up
in a pretty spectacular fashion.
They're fine now.
They're fine.
Get clear of the...
There's alcohol that's gonna blow up.
The gnomes run off with vague terror in their hearts.
And,
and then we're running away.
And the things start,
now the,
the building is fully,
like it's on fire.
Like,
is it fully...
Oh yeah.
It's all caught up.
Yeah.
On fire.
All right.
And then it...
Then it blows up.
Yeah!
All right.
Wrong song.
There we go.
Harmontown, everybody.
Thank you for coming so much.
Thank you.
Let's take a look.
All right.
Thank you.
Let's take Laura and Eric.
Good job.
Laura for saving,
saving the day in,
the D&D.
And Eric for saving our love of Superman.
Thank you Spencer Crinton.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for the mayor of Dan Harmon.
Good night.
That'll do